{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Kiddie 2048\
2048 is a popular game everyone is addicted to. I don't know what about sliding blocks is so mesmerizing, but it is. Now, 2048 may be a little challenging to the average 6 year old, but Kiddie 2048 is not. Instead of numbers, it's all colors. Slide colors together to get the ultimate green blocks.\
\
\
While writing my Meggy game, I think the most difficult thing was figuring out what was wrong with my code to cause errors. It was so frustrating that I had to give up a lot. After a little help from Mr. Kiang, I was able to get through that issue but to soon come across another. Even if my game has a few bugs, it was surprising to see everything come together to actually be a game.\
My game still has the bug of sometimes overlapping the colors of the blocks. I couldn't figure out why it would do that, but at least my new blocks appear in empty spaces. The blocks also continuously to slide into its same color if it can when a button is pressed. I know it is supposed to do that because of the code that I written and the fact that moveStart never gets changed back to false. But, when I tried changing move start to false in the loop, the blocks only move one space at a time and I don't want that. Also sometimes the colors glitch once in a while. I don't know if it's because of my code or just a Meggy bug, but sometimes the yellow turns into a white-yellow. Overall, there isn't as much bugs as there was for my beta testing and I would have never thought that I would be this close to a working game. \
If I had more time to work on this project I would've addd more sound and more levels and obviously try to figure out the bugs. I think sound would make the game more interesting and cool but I spent a lot of time trying to figure out my game that I didn't get around to doing it. Also, I didn't want to add more levels as I was struggling to program it because I couldn't figure out how to code it right. And in general I would slowly fix the bugs that my game had.\
This game taught me how hard, and stressful programming can get. Even if compiling code is very rewarding, it takes a lot of time and commitment to get a working, successful game. I learned that a successful game is a game that anybody can pretty much understand. It has to be somewhat challenging but also not to hard. Through doing this project, I can take the value of hard work and perseverance. It's amazing to experience trying to learn on my own and problem solve. }